jürgen de wat tonight even i have to be there
recover a bit
yes it is a beautiful evening conscience look
was good and I think very happy
may be with the twin victory
how happy are you i am very happy i have
nice week behind I think
yes and you know you start to be a father
and then or something unimportant such as one
make sure to match the chemical league
play
yes it is every boy's dream
no come james and they play this nicely
in addition, it is completely top
How do you look back on this night you
starts to get on the couch and then you see
then a great psv player only the
chance to kill one after the other
yes I who would think that the other way around
would be that you would have been like
could be such an evening
in
we are beautiful goal of people i make
started the second to we wasting them
just out and with that one
comfortable victory for the win
talking about survival through to the next
round
well important was that we didn't get any
and that the same
score at the willows than you as you
part of the whole
what is the secret of this fresh new
psv we have many qualities are young
and we want to fight for each other and
think be found yes good team about it
a young team think of the detail way
I
well age does n't matter sometimes this
was very young and it was the one anyway
fairly stable also despite that
goals but did not last for a long time
after the poorest glued thea we are going to be
just mature we have a sugar off
and toe and middle fixed is stable
head Start
a lot of quality wherever you are
curious about this match the
preparation was excellent insisting one
good atmosphere around psv but tonight
it went right from that we and rg
I think a good grip that would
against peat apache and maturation proud
it has been given to the people
yes then you are still a kid but you have
psv audience ever so crazy so excited so
cheerfully experienced tonight
he is two seasons in a moment
to really beautiful from we start mother with
the start of would be very beautiful
here it i can be one
I need to go whitening and talk
about your struggle with mattress for that place
in the bunthof that is of later concern and
azula in between
I do my best and special training
congratulations to tonight but especially
Congratulations on what happened earlier this week
happened to make